I made a decision without drinking it
People like you.
True or false can only be judged by appearance
Xiao Wujie, you really don't cry when you see the coffin
OK
I will have a good taste of your unparalleled aging wine
Use your tongue to tell the difference between true and false
Wait a minute.
Do you know what's in this cup?
How can you drink indiscriminately?
Xiao Wuji, your status is low
Want to earn face in front of us
We can all understand
But this wine is also something to be imported
If we drink three long and two short
Don't say it's you
It's just wood
You may not be able to shoulder this responsibility
Seriously, since Brother Xiao is Mu Yan's boyfriend
How could you deliberately harm me?
Since you dare not drink this wine
I drink, don't go there, you can't
What's wrong with you? Talk to me
Don't ask, get a bowl and let him take it
I'm fine.
I'm such a good wine
Bear didn't lie.
This ball is indeed real